Subject: Change in instructions

----------
CONTROL GROUP - SWITCH TO SCREEN TIME

Hello!

Thank you for participating in our first week of sleep study!  Just one more week to go before you can go back to whatever sleep habits you like.  Starting tonight, we would like you to switch up your pre-sleep activity a bit.  

For this next week - Mar 30 to Apr 5 (till next Friday), please continue using the app as usual every night.  However, unlike last week, we would like you to use some sort of electronic devices for 30 minutes before going to bed. This could be anything from watching shows on your laptop/TV/tablet device, to checking social media on your phone, to playing video games, etc. Really anything with a backlit screen ON.

For those of you with good sleeping habits, this will be a departure from your normal ritual and we apologize for the deviation. Please try your best to comply with these instructions. If you don’t end up using any electronics device 30 minutes before going to bed, please make a note of the date and let us know at the end (we promise won't get mad).  We really appreciate your time and effort!

The sleep study team

-------

TREATMENT GROUP - SWITCH TO NO SCREEN TIME

Hello!

Good evening.

Thank you for participating in our first week of sleep study!  Just one more week to go before you can go back to whatever sleep habits you like.  Starting tonight, we would like you to switch up your pre-sleep activity a bit.  

For this next week - Mar 30 to Apr 5 (till next Friday), please continue using the app as usual every night.  However, unlike last week, please refrain from using any devices with backlit screens 30 minutes prior to sleep.  Alternatively, consider something like reading, meditation, or light stretching--really anything that does not involve a backlit screen.

For some of you, we this this screentime abstinence will be difficult, but please try your best to comply with these instructions.  But, we're all human and impulse control is tough at times.  If you do end up using any electronic devices (however long they were) within 30 minutes of going to bed, please make a note of the date and let us know at the end (we promise we won't get mad).  We really appreciate your time and effort!

The sleep study team
